So here, I show you how to
set up a testing framework.
The one that I choose is Jest,
cuz I think it's a great framework.
You could use Jasmine, Mocha,
AVA, any one of those.
They're all great, node tap, node tape.
This course ended up running
a little bit long, so actually,
we don't end up writing any tests for
that.
Which is not me saying, don't write tests.
Tests are good, you should write them.
But for this particular course, we're not
gonna end up actually writing any tests.
So here I'll show you how to
set up the testing frameworks.
It's actually pretty simple to set up.
I mean, it's actually really just this,
install Jest, and
then put it inside of your scripts.
But we're not gonna end
up going through that.
What I would invite you to do after you
finish this course is go write some tests.
The code is gonna be written
in a pretty testable way.
So I think that's a good stretch goal for
everybody.
And again, along the same lines, there's
a whole section here on TypeScript.
I'm a big TypeScript fan.
I'm technically on the TypeScript team,
as well, at Microsoft.
The VS Code and
the TypeScript team are connected.
I love TypeScript.
I actually would have written
this course in TypeScript, but
at the NI Alexa to make it
more generally applicable.
I didn't want you to have
to learn TypeScript and
how I write code at the same time.
So again, another stretch goal for you is,
after we're done with this course,
I would invite you to go back and
rewrite it in TypeScript.
And if you don't understand TypeScript
yet, there is a great course from
Mike North on Frontend Masters
that will teach you TypeScript.
Yeah, that's it.
I really like TypeScript.
It's gonna prevent even more styles of
bugs, like the undefined is not a function
problem, which I am sure
we have all seen before.
TypeScript will prevent problems
like that, which is great.
At this point, we have reached
the Frontend infra milestones.
So if you go, again, in your project,
you'll see the frontend-infra folder,
right?
That's where we are right now.
So you can go ahead and hop forward to
that if you want to, or fell behind, or
something like that.